#summary The versions changes log - what changed with each version
#labels Featured
= Upcoming version =
= 20120423 v69 =
 * Crashes on system-app changes.
 * Several uppercase related bug fixes.
 * Suggestions are now refreshed when tapping on a new word in the textbox.
 * Some UI refinements.
 * New translations: IT, BR-PT, LT, TA, TL (Filipino), FR, ES, SL, CA, EL, RU, HE.
 * Other bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r69 here]

= Latest released version =

= 20120228 v67 =
 * Contacts dictionary fix.
 * New addons detection fix.
 * Words editor crash fix on selected devices.
 * New translations: EL, PT, HU, ES, MK, HE, CA, IT.
 * Other bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r67 here]

= 20120207 v65 =
 * UX changes, e.g., tips, new user activation guide, etc.
 * User dictionary editor (accessible next to User Dictionary settings).
 * Several crashes fix (User dictionay, Long-press smiley).
 * Translations: CA, DE, EL, FR, HU, IT, PT, RU.
 * Other bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r65 here]

= 20120108 v63 =
 * Voice Input support (Android 2.2+)
 * Some bug fixes
 * New translations
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r63 here]


= 20111223 v61 =
 * A more capable theme support.
 * Hint characters at the bottom-right corner of the key.
 * Initial keyboard split/merge state is now configurable.
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r61 here]

= 20111212 v59=
 * More capable theme support.
 * Various bug fixes (including 16 key layout crash)
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r59 here]

= 20111204 =
 * External themes (skins) support! (look for ICS theme in the Market)
 * Split/Merge keyboard. Use two-fingers gestures separate and pinch to split or merge back current keyboard (works in landscape).
 * Popup keys offset fix.
 * Suppport for really big dictionaries (wait for it).
 * Additional bug fixes.
 * New translations: IT, TH, and CA (Thanks http://crowdin.net !)
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r57 here]

= 20111024 =
 * Shift erratic behavior fix.
 * User dictionay saving issue fixed
 * Revisited iPhone bottom row.
 * New translations: CA, DA, DE, HE, HU (Thanks http://crowdin.net !)
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r55 here]

= 20111015 =
 * Nicer selected layout notification icon (status icon)
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r53 here]

= 20111010 =
 * Theme support.
 * Top/Bottom generic row changing support.
 * Some UI changes.
 * New translations (CA, DE, FI, HE).
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r51 here]

= 20110907 =
 * UI fixes for tablets.
 * x86 support.
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r49 here]

= 20110815 =
 * Better swipe detection.
 * Infrastructure changes.
 * Some UI changes.
 * New translations (es, fi, ru, ar, he, hu).
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r47 here]

= 20110620 =
 * A small fix to dictionary loading.
 * UI adjacements for tablets.
 * Subtle UI fixes.
 * A few bug fixes.
 * Extension keyboard related changes (thanks to Assaf Yardeni).
 * A few translations.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r45 here]

= 20110508 =
 * Gingerbread look and feel!!!
 * Extension keyboard (swipe your finger up all the way out of the keyboard).
 * Multitouch support in supporting devices and OSes (Android 2.1+)
 * Smiley list now support icons.
 * Backup-Agent support (Android 2.2+).
 * Better handling of external packs.
 * Bug fixes.
All requirements can be seen [http://s.evendanan.net/ask_r39 here]

= 20110120 =
 * Crashes related to Android 1.5.
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=616&start=100 here]

= 20110115 =
 * Crashes related to disposal of Contacts dictionary.

= 20110114 =
 * Special dictionaries (contacts, auto).
 * Arrows in keyboard.
 * New icon
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=516 here]

= 20100815 =
 * Crashes on Sony Ericsson X10.
 * All symbols keyboards are cycled.
 * Backspace in Terminal fixed.
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=493 here] 

= 20100805 =
 * Refactoring
 * Small screens (2.2") support
 * Revised icons.
 * Optimized bottom row for email/URL input fields.
 * Some bug fixing:
  * Better !BiDi support
  * Better English dictionary
  * And many more.
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=366 here] 

= Build 20100516 =
 * Landscape layout fix - sometimes on non-full-screen view, the keyboard will occupy half the screen.
Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=363 this]

= Build 20100515 =
 * Some bug fixes
 * External packages (download your language pack too!)
 * Changelog notification upon first startup.
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=317 here]

= Build 20100328 =
 * Some layouts
 * Some bugs
 * New keyboard layout loading mechanism - will allow external packages
 * Hi-Def devices support (Nexus One, Droid)

All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=257 here]

= Build 20100119 =
 * Some layouts
 * Some bugs
 * Better dictionary mechanism
 * New icons
All requirements can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=190 here]

= Build 20091122 =
 * Colemak, Ukrainian layouts - both were done by external programmers :)
 * Performance fixes
 * Localization
 * Bug fixes
All changes can be seen [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/issues/detail?id=161 here]

= Build 20091004 =
 * Belorussian, Portuguese layouts - both were done by external programmers :)
 * Performance fixes
 * Localization
 * Bug fixes
= Build 20090919 =
 * Arabic layout
 * Additional localizations
 * Additional dictionaries
= Build 20090907 =
 * Another Russian layout
 * French, German, Spanish, Swedish, Russian dictionaries
 * Some bug fixes.
= Build 20090827 =
 * Performance gain.
 * Better dictionaries for Hebrew and English
 * Some bug fixes.
 * Samsung Galaxy RTL support.
= Build 20090817 =
 * Suggestions!
  * User dictionary
  * main dictionary in Hebrew and English.
 * Many other bug fixes.
= Build 20090726 (note: different build semantics) =
 * New layout - the DEL key has been moved, new Smiley key.
 * Internet keyboard has been removed, it has been integrated with the regular keyboard (when URL/EMAIL text-box has been activated).
 * Less memory consumption.
 * New accent keys for C,D,S,Z (Slovenian characters).
 * Bug fix: Symbols layouts will loop on repeated swipe and SHIFT clicks.
 * Bug fix: Accents are working in shift now...
 * First version to be tested by external testers (thanks Itamar Ben-Haim, Alexander Jordanov, Avraham Makovetsky, Dmitry Briskin, Andrej Živec)
= Build 20072009 =
 * New languages: Russian (phonetic) and Spanish.
 * Modifications in the layouts
 * Some bug fixes.
= Build 13072009 =
 * New Latin layouts: DVORAK and AZERTY.
 * New languages: Catalan, Bulgarian, Swiss and Swedish.
 * Key variations (by long press)
= Build 19062009 =
 * *First version to go into the Android Market.*
 * issue 23: Sometimes sound effects do not work. Note: FX are enabled when the phone is not muted, and the volume is controlled by the Notifications volume.
 * issue 10: Lao keyboard is supported.
= Build 16062009 =
 * Fixing ALT and SHIFT stickiness in Hebrew (ALT+TAV or SHIFT+TAV).
 * It is possible to disable Swipe.
= Build 13062009 =
 * Fixing TAV letter in the physical keyboard - not it is possible to type question mark and comma (shift for question mark, ALT for comma)
= Build 10062009 =
 * Fixing disappearing characters (issue 3)
= Build 05062009 =
 * A small change in the Hebrew keyboard layout (TZADIK SOFIT).
 * Extensive change in keyboards infrastructure - now it is easier to add more languages. Any suggestions?
= Build 03062009 =
 * Application icon
 * bug fix - question mark did not work well in the soft keyboard.
= Build 29052009-2 =
 * Swipe to change keyboard layouts - swipe right to change language, swipe left to change to symbols
 * New keyboard layouts
= Build 29052009 =
 * Bug fix - no more force close on physical keyboard usages
= Build 0 =
 * All kinds of keyboards:
  * supporting English, Hebrew and Lao keyboards.
  * special keyboard for text fields which require only numbers.
  * special keyboard for text fields which require email or URI addresses. 
 * Physical keyboard is supported as-well (not for Lao keyboard).
 * Auto capitalization.
 * Word suggestions - currently only in English.
 * special key-press effects:
  * Sound on key press.
  * Vibrate on key press. 