#summary Development tools used in this project
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This page includes the development tools I used for developing !AnySoftKeyboard

== SDK ==
 * Android SDK 1.5 r3
  * Download from [http://developer.android.com/sdk/1.5_r3/index.html here]
  * Install instructions [http://developer.android.com/sdk/1.5_r3/installing.html here]

== IDE ==
 * Eclipse
  * Download from [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ here]. I used the Java Developers edition.

== SVN ==
 * Subclipse for Eclipse (http://subclipse.tigris.org/)
  * Download and install instructions are [http://subclipse.tigris.org/servlets/ProjectProcess?pageID=p4wYuA here]
 * TortoiseSVN Windows explorer plugin.
  * Download from [http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&ct=res&cd=1&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftortoisesvn.tigris.org%2F&ei=Nb-DSvPgPI-5jAf63rmRCA&usg=AFQjCNE3AGLQNZb9GvR1WVhdQ8oQGhIG7Q&sig2=GoWE4CpmWuLpP0uGEIzxgA here]

== NDK ==
Only needed for native (C++) code parts.
 * Android 1.6 NDK r1
   * Download from [http://developer.android.com/sdk/ndk/1.6_r1/index.html here]
   * Install instructions and usage [NDKInstallationAndUsage here]

== Word list generator ==
For the dictionaries, I used a simple C# application I've wrote. You can download it from [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/WordListCreator.zip here]. The source code is [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/WordListCreator_source.zip here].
For creating a word list, I suggest using forums or other dialog-centric sites, since most of the time we use the phone for dialogs, so it is nice that the dictionary is dialog oriented.

== Images ==
 * PNG is a very good image container for development. It is lossless, and creates very small files. I used [http://optipng.sourceforge.net/ OptiPNG] to make the images even smaller.

  