#summary How to create an !AnySoftKeyboard language pack.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

= Language Pack =
A language pack extends !AnySoftKeyboard with new keyboard layouts and suggestions dictionaries. This allow you to add support for new languages with no changes in !AnySoftKeyboard.

== Requirements ==

=== From you (the developer) ===
 * Knowledge in Android Eclipse developement
 * XML understanding

=== From the machine (your development environment) ===
 * Latest Eclipse
 * Android SDK installed
 * Google's ADT Eclipse plugin installed

= How to create =

== Project creation ==
 # Download the latest language pack template from [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/AnySoftKeyboardLanguagePackTemplate_5.zip here]
 # Open Eclipse, select "File" menu, "Import" 
 # Select "Existing Projects into Workspace" from the popup dialog
 # Select the archive file radio-button and point to the downloaded template file.
 # Finish wizard 
 # Checkout /trunk/AnySoftKeyboardAPI project, and include that into your project.

This will create a new project in your Eclipse called *"!AnySoftKeyboardLanguagePackTemplate"*

== Creating your pack ==
 # Rename the project to whatever you want, e.g., *"!AnySoftKeyboardLanguagePackFrench"* 
 # Change the package name: 
  * In the src folder in Eclipse rename the package namespace to your liking, e.g., *"com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.french"*
  * Change the package name in *!AndroidManifest.xml*

== Package data ==
The package includes keyboard layouts and dictionary files. Both are optional, you can create either or both in a language pack project.

=== Keyboard layout ===
Place your revised layout in the res/xml folder. You can start with the provided *qwerty.xml* file, which is a simple English layout.
Edit *"res/xml/keyboards.xml"* to reflect your layout(the XML file contains explanations about its structure). 
In the header of the keyboard XML definition include a reference to the API:
{{{
<Keyboard xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:ask="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.yourtemplate"
}}}
_replace *com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.yourtemplate* with your package name_

=== Dictionary ===
Read [http://code.google.com/p/softkeyboard/wiki/BinaryDictionaries here] how to create binary dictionary.
Place your binary dictionary in the assets folders. Name it "binary.mp3" (there is a file there already, but it is the English dictionary, you should delete it). 
Edit *"res/xml/dictionaries.xml"* to reflect your dictionary (the XML file contains explanations about its structure). 

== Notes ==
 * Don't forget to edit *res/values/strings.xml*
 * Make sure you really generate a random UUID. You can use [http://www.famkruithof.net/uuid/uuidgen this] site.
 * When you publish your package to the Market, please include the following tags:
  * *!AnySoftKeyboard*
  * *layout* - if your pack includes a keyboard layout.
  * *dictionary* - if your pack includes a dictionary.