#labels Phase-Support,Featured
=How to install fonts in Android=

*Rooting an unrooted device will revoke your warranty!*

==Note==
The latest Cyanogen build (4.1.9.2 or higher) include the many glyphs! Including Hebrew.
So, if you have a rooted phone, I suggest to install CyanogenMOD ROM [http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=448 get it here].
Or you can read on...

= Option one: install fonts manually =
==Required==
 # A rooted Android. If you want to know how to root an Android, read about it [http://haykuro.theiphoneproject.org/?page_id=35 here].
 # fonts (Cyanogen's fonts can be downloaded from [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/cm_fonts.rar here])
 # [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/usb_driver_1.6-r1.rar ADB tool], which is a part of the Android SDK.
 # You may need to install the drivers. Get them from [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/usb_driver_1.6-r1.rar here].

==Steps==
 * Connect your phone using USB to the computer.
 * Unzip the fonts to the ADB folder, e.g., "c:\adb\"
 * Change directory to the ADB folder.
 * Make the system partition writable:
  * adb root
  * adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system
 * Copy the fonts to the system partition, by typing the following command (in this example I assume the fonts are stored on the local computer at "c:\adb\"):
  * adb push c:\adb\ /system/fonts/
 * We're done - just reboot the device:
  * adb shell reboot

= Option two: use recovery mode to install update =
==Required==
 # A rooted Android. If you want to know how to root an Android, read about it [http://haykuro.theiphoneproject.org/?page_id=35 here].
 # The update archive: you can download it [http://softkeyboard.googlecode.com/files/CM_fonts_install_ROM_UPDATE.zip here]

==Steps==
 * Copy the 'install_CM_fonts.zip' file into you SDCARD root directory.
 * Boot into recovery mode (probably pressing HOME while phone starts)
 * Select "Flash ZIP from SDCARD"
 * Select 'install_CM_fonts.zip'
 * Reboot your phone

==More information==
You can get help on how to do it at various forums across the internet.
 * http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=442480 (The best!)
 * http://iandroid.co.il/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=601 (Hebrew)